Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
All you had to
do was pick up the phone
and tell us you were
still breathing.
I didn't even know
you were alive.
The money. the gangs...
I'm taking it all back.
Thought I'd be
higher up your kill list.
You and I
want the same thing.
So either help me or fuck off.
Go on then.
The Wallaces
stood on our shoulders
and wanted our thanks for it.
They used you. Dad. for
years. but not anymore.
London belongs to us now.
We're offering
you a piece of it.
I will not work with a man
who helped kill my son.
If you want
what you claim.
you must be prepared
to do everything
without fear. without care.
I'm sorry.
I will not fight for a London
where Sean comes out on top.
Sean won't
be at the top.
We will.
You wish he'd never come
back at all.
He killed my dad!
Sean did it.
I know how
you can get to Sean.
Don't lie to me. Ma.
What did you do?
It's power or family.
You can't have both.
I'm gonna make you
watch. Sean Wallace.
I'm gonna take everything
you ever built...
Your power.
your people. and I'm
gonna replace you.
Are you okay. Mummy?
Yeah. of course.
Mum?
Faster.
Faster. fucking
faster. Faster. faster!
Car. car. car. car!
Stop the fucking car
now. I'm warning you!
- Oh. God!
- Move over!
Ram this bitch off the road.
It's okay. Samuel!
Hold on. Samuel. hold on!
I'm warning... Fuck this.
Closer!
Mum!
- Mum!
- Samuel. hold on!
Keep your head down. Samuel!
Mum!
Are they
coming back. Mummy?
They're gone.
It's okay.
The person you are
calling is unable to take your call...
Help... Please.
My son is in the back...
Please...
Samuel.
I'm so sorry.
There you are.
- All good?
- Yeah. This is yours.
- Faz.
- Yo.
So. what was the delay?
Driver said there was
traffic at the port.
But it's here now anyway.
And also everyone else.
It's all good.
♪ Hit the sun Everybody
have a real good time ♪
♪ Real good time ♪
♪ They're callin' on me ♪
♪ Lay low. hit the sun ♪
♪ Everybody have
a real good time ♪
- ♪ Real good time ♪
- ♪ Surround me ♪
♪ Yeah. we cool
Yeah. we drunk ♪
♪ Lost my mind and.
baby I feel high ♪
- ♪ I feel high ♪
- ♪ They're calling on me ♪
♪ I'm hearin'
voices in my head ♪
♪ There's no way to escape ♪
♪ Da-da-da-da. they got me ♪
♪ Anytime. anywhere... ♪
I'll shift these now.
See you in a bit.
♪ Real good time ♪
♪ Yeah. we cool
Yeah. we drunk ♪
♪ Lost my mind and.
baby I feel high ♪
♪ I feel high ♪
Sorry I'm late.
Yeah. well. they're
here already.
Come on.
So. you're the cop.
Ex-cop.
How does that work?
It's like a big change of mind.
Do you really think we'd
be working with Elliot
if we had any doubts?
We're supplying all of London.
No one's complaining.
Listen. I don't speak Korean.
And if you don't
want to do business.
then you're welcome to leave.
Okay.
What is your rate?
Nineteen and a half.
That's more than
we're paying now.
Because you're paying for shit.
I guarantee 80% purity.
Now I know you're lying.
If you don't believe
me. you can...
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Take it easy.
Quantity's
not a problem.
We can get you as
much as you need.
Boss! Boss
What the fuck have you done?
I know what it looks
like. but you're wrong.
Everyone just calm down.
Don't fucking tempt me!
Listen. be easy.
I don't know what just
happened to your boss.
but that's not us. Okay?
Elliot. you need to see this.
Shannon. go.
Go.
Hey. hey.
are you all right?
Jesus Christ.
Can somebody help her up?
How can this be?
Good evening. Liam.
Miss Wallace.
Oh.
So pretty.
I
appreciate you coming here.
People are worried. Marian.
Sean's due in court this week.
And there is all kind of
different stories going around.
They are saying that
he's going to turn
some of us in.
in exchange for a
lighter sentence.
You know as much about
Sean's intentions as I do.
He knows a lot
about my business.
About all of us. no?
Mm-hmm. including me.
You are different.
You are his family.
I don't know what you
want me to say. Luan.
Something reassuring.
I haven't spoken to Sean
since he was arrested.
I have no idea what
he's planning to do.
It's your turn.
Oh-ho-ho.
I...
Got you a present. Elly.
Maybe you can go and visit him
or make sure he doesn't
betray us. Marian.
No.
This is in every
one interest. no?
I said no.
We are about to do the cake.
Just one minute. please.
No. we
agreed no work tonight.
One minute. I'm coming. Please.
Daddy. Mum!
It's Elly.
Elly?
It's okay.
What happened?
She just collapsed.
Did she take something?
Simone?
- Simone...
- Okay. okay. I'm coming!
What?
Look. it's quite hard to give
any accurate numbers at the moment
because it's coming in
from hospitals. police.
boroughs all over London.
It's a developing situation.
What we can say. for sure.
is that so far we have
over 300 fatalities.
but that that figure's
bound to rise.
I'm sorry. this is
all from cocaine?
Yeah.
Apparently there was
a poisoned batch.
Are you ready for this?
Mayor. over here!
Before I address any
questions. I would like to say
that my thoughts and my prayers
are with the victims
of tonight's events.
And this is a tragedy for them.
for their families and
for their loved ones.
But it's also a
tragedy for London.
And one that has been
coming for a long time.
And there is no doubt in my mind
that the blame for all of this
lies squarely at the feet
of the criminal gangs.
So this is what happens
when organized crime gangs
are allowed to prosper
without fear of consequence.
Well. no more.
I promise you that I will use
every single resource
available to me
to rid London of these gangs.
Who?
Shit.
It's happening all over London.
Do we know
what caused this?
Fentanyl.
There are high traces of it
in everything we've tested.
Is this a fuck up our end?
No. It's even in packages
we haven't opened yet.
It has to be the
Bolivians. then?
They are adamant it was
clean when it left them.
Do we trust them?
Well. someone's done this
deliberately to fuck us up!
Yeah. but who. though?
Marian. Luan. the Kurds.
If you wanted to
move against us.
you'd weaken us first like this.
Our associates want a meeting.
Saba!
Call Faz. Tell him I need
to speak to the driver
who brought in
tonight's shipment.
Yeah. Got you.
It's your product.
You're responsible
for what happened.
No excuses.
Everyone will be reimbursed
for what they've bought.
It's not just about the
money for the shipment.
You heard the fucking mayor.
The police will make our
lives hell for what happened.
This is bad news for us. too.
I don't care.
It's your fuck up.
It's not a fuck up.
What would you call it?
An attack.
There was fentanyl in
that whole shipment.
Even packages we
hadn't even opened yet.
That cocaine was
deliberately spiked.
By who?
That's what I
intend to find out.
And when you do...
I want them handed over to me.
- Let's find them first.
- No!
I'm gonna make them pay.
And anyone who tries
to stop me. too.
I need to take this.
Yeah?
- I'm at the driver's place.
- Yeah?
The men I
sent are all dead.
Okay. don't touch
anything. I'll be right over.
All right. Cool.
Over where?
Nowhere. It's just business.
If your child had
been killed tonight.
would you allow yourself
to be fobbed off
with a fucking bullshit
excuse like that?
No.
Let's go. then.
You were very quiet in there.
Those drugs didn't
come through my port.
so this has nothing
to do with me.
That's because you wouldn't
let us use your ports.
I don't do business
with police officers.
Neither should you.
Sir.
Yo.
Yo. make sure the
door's locked. yeah?
Let me know if
you find anything.
That's the guy
that drove the shipment?
Yeah. that's him.
You find his phone?
No. It's gone.
Must've been taken
when he was killed.
Here. come. Through here.
Look.
Focus up.
That's all we
have of him there.
- Run it forward.
- Uh...
Watch.
Yeah. stop there.
What the fuck?
- Run it back.
- Yeah.
Slowly. fuck's sake.
Stop.
Don't get up.
Right.
Uh...
So. where are we with this?
At the moment. we're
managing a crisis situation
and trying to get
the message out
about the dangers
of cocaine use...
Okay. yes. I
understand that. but...
What are we doing
to catch the people
who are responsible for this?
This is the man we believe
brought this cocaine
into the country.
His name is Elliot Carter.
He's an ex-undercover
police officer.
You are fucking joking?
Why isn't this guy
locked up already?
Knowing who did
it and proving it
are two different things.
Okay. now. I want this guy
to be our number one target.
You find the evidence
and lock him the fuck up.
Listen. you two.
do either of you
recognize this man?
I don't know.
No. boss.
Look. take this photo
and spread the word.
I want him fucking found.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Go!
- Faz.
- Yo.
- You got the keys for the truck?
- Yeah. yeah.
After the driver
got off the ferry.
he didn't come straight
to the factory.
He took a detour
and stopped here.
Stopped for 30 minutes.
Thirty minutes isn't long enough
to spike that much coke. man.
No.
But it is enough time to
swap the original shipment
with one already
laced with fentanyl.
So what is this. then?
That's what we're
about to find out.
Luan. wait.
Hold on.
Jesus!
You boys is trespassing.
We just
want a quiet word.
Not that quiet if
you're bringing guns.
What do yous want?
A truck stopped here
earlier tonight.
Wanted to ask why.
I don't know nothing
about no truck.
- Did you see a truck?
- No.
- Mmm?
- Mmm-mmm.
- Must be mistaken.
- No mistake.
It was on the satnav.
Ah. maybe you should
speak to the driver. then.
He's dead.
Well. that's unfortunate.
Do you think this
is a fucking joke?
Test me.
Come on.
Maybe we should just calm down.
No.
You two should fuck
off out of here now
while you still have time.
I have a picture of a man.
Just want to see if any
of you recognize him.
You heard him.
Go fuck yourself.
You fucking bastard!
Go!
Get those fuckers.
Get back here!
Fuck!
Shit!
Cornelius Quinn. that
name mean anything to you?
Phone.
There's only one number.
Call it.
Cornelius.
Sean?
Did you fucking do this?
I asked you a fucking question!
Did you send that man
to poison those drugs...
Sean Wallace?
Fuck!
You okay?
Right as fucking rain.
We're still going
ahead with this?
Oh. yeah.
Mmm.
Mrs. Wallace.
Hmm?
Ed Dumani is here.
He wants to see you.
I'd have thought you'd be too
busy cleaning up your mess
to make house calls
at this time of day.
Last night's spiking.
It wasn't Elliot.
It was Sean's doing.
And someone on the
outside helped him.
And I suppose you think
that someone was me.
No.
It was Cornelius.
Elliot saw him. Marian.
And the driver of
last night's shipment
stopped off at
Cornelius's funfair.
Your brother is back.
You look well.
You think you're safe in there?
You're not safe.
What. no.
"Hello. Sean. How
you doing. mate?"
I'm gonna make you pay
for what you've done.
Listen. I'd love
to sit and chat.
Hear you talk shit.
but I've got a court
appearance to get ready for.
Done.
Recognize him?
- Should I?
- Yeah.
He helped you spike my drugs.
You're losing it. mate.
The pressure's getting
to you. isn't it?
My wife and son
were killed in a hit
and run seven years ago.
The driver vanished.
not a fucking trace.
Until he rocks up last night.
kills my driver and
three of Faz's men.
That was your wife?
So you do know him.
Did you fucking hire him?
I recognize the face.
That's all.
Heard the chatter.
He's a good bloke. though.
You think this is a joke?
Hiring the hit and run
driver to spike those drugs?
It wasn't a hit and run.
Look...
I heard he was paid
to crash into your wife.
It was a targeted kill.
That's the story on the street.
What. you didn't know that?
You're fucking lying.
Yeah. fucking lying.
No. wait.
who... what's his name?
- Who paid him to do that?
- I've got to go. Elliot.
No. no. fucking sit down...
Sean. Wait. wait. wait.
Tell me his name.
You want me to tell you?
Then beg.
Beg me to tell you.
- Or don't.
- Okay.
Okay.
I am begging you.
Sean. What's his name?
No. I mean. properly beg.
Like you mean it.
Please.
Please. Sean. tell me his name.
Nah. I don't think so.
Tell me!
- Goodbye. Elliot.
- Sean. come back!
Sean! Sean!
Come back here. you moron!
Calm down. calm down.
Yeah. yeah. of course.
of course. yeah. yeah.
Sean!
Tell me or I'll
fucking kill you!
- That's it.
- Sean!
Sean!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org